Boss and Yan Fang are back
Sisters, I'm back.
Boss, you are too fierce
So many people in the blood gang
I can't believe you brought it all back
You don't know
Boss
Without even touching his hand, the blood gang dried up and dissipated the fire
What blood gang actually disbanded?
Boss, you are too fierce
Hey little thing
Let's talk about it later
Lili, don't apologize to the boss soon.
Sorry boss
I said something wrong.
It's okay your boss
I'm not that stingy either
Does anyone care about me?
What are you doing?
Oops boss
Thanks to you this time
I said I would protect you, and I will do it
It's almost time for dinner anyway
Let me buy you a meal.
Can you afford that many?
Wow
I didn't expect such a broken place
And such a luxurious restaurant?
Boss, you don't know anything about this.
The restaurants and cafeterias here are outsourced
The owner of this shop?
It's got a lot going on.
Right, boss Qian?
This is owned by your family